Update `mcm_method` docs to reflect device-dependent defaults (#8149)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  Trimmed the outdated part of discussion regarding different choices of `alpha`.
  [(#8100)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8100)

> * Updated the documentation around the mid-circuit measurement method to correctly reflect
>   that the default method is device-dependent.
>   [(#8149)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8149)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :doc:`Dynamic Quantum Circuits </introduction/dynamic_quantum_circuits>` page has been updated to include the latest device-dependent mid-circuit measurement method defaults.
  [(#8149)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8149)
```
